# Web Technologies

## 🛠 Skills
Java, Spring MVC, Spring Boot, Spring Security, Hibernate

## 📝 Requirements
*You want to manage a website of a local football school, of which information is known regarding the headquarters, address, telephone number and other possible contacts. The requested site includes an introductory page containing images capable of attracting the attention of potential customers, as well as showing the interested user articles relating to the present and past history of the company itself. The possibility is taken into consideration that customers with different roles access the site and that this distinction is based on a portal login mechanism or not. In particular, a simple visitor can access the home page, but also the news letter and the contact page of the website. A user, registered at the football school headquarters, is given the opportunity to access their own personal page, in where he can view, subject to authorization and login, all the information relating to payments made by the students for whom he is responsible. Finally, let's consider what an administrator user is, think of a company manager, who has the possibility of inserting new students into the system, including the parent's account with the relevant contacts, and of recording all payments made during the football year. An administrator user is also given the possibility of accessing the complete list of such information and possibly removing it from the system by clicking on the relevant delete button. Furthermore, given the strong use of social media as a communication tool, a link is inserted, via an appropriate icon, to the football school's Facebook page, giving the user the opportunity to immerse themselves in the world of the club by following its various posts. Finally, the possibility that foreign users access the website is not overlooked and also in this case, by clicking on the relevant icon, it is possible to translate the site, possibly switching from Italian to English or vice versa.*

## 📖 Lessons Learned
The project gave me the opportunity to extend my knowledge in **Java**, through the creation from scratch of a **Web-App**, hosted in turn in a web-server, such as **Apache Tomcat**. From an architectural and design point of view, through development I had the opportunity to learn and subsequently implement the **Model-View-Controller** design pattern, in turn based on a **Service-Repository** type structure. From an implementation point of view, I instead had ways to approach the **Java Spring**, **Stping MVC**, **Spring Security** and **Hibernate** libraries, as well as improving my skills in creating attractive graphic interfaces, through the use of **HTML**, **CSS3** and **Bootstrap**.